fix: correct the rendering of Latexify-based covariance matrix (#47)
apkille/Gabs.jl: docs/src/tutorials.md

> Use [Latexify](https://github.com/korsbo/Latexify.jl) to render the covariance matrix of `newst` in LaTeX using `Latexify.latexify(newst.covar)`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Latexify](https://github.com/korsbo/Latexify.jl) to render the covariance matrix of `newst` in LaTeX with the command `latexify(newst.covar) |> print`:
```
